Clarify suppression rules of cs:substitute (#89)
citation-style-language/documentation: specification.rst

``cs:names`` element, may also be used. If ``cs:substitute`` contains multiple
child elements, the first element to return a non-empty result is used for
substitution. Substituted variables are suppressed in the rest of the output to

> prevent duplication. If the variable was already rendered before substitution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevent duplication. If the variable was rendered without invoking substitution,
```

Does this work @fbennett?

> prevent duplication. If the variable was already rendered before substitution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevent duplication. If the variable was rendered outside the context of the substitution,
```

Reviewer 2: This change seems like it would apply to a variable rendered after the substitute element.

How about `If the variable was rendered earlier in the citation, before the "substitute" element,`?

Reviewer: I think that helps; thanks.

Merged.
